Okay, now let's see how we can build up
an attack strategy against our target,
which is Zaid, a person named Zaid.
Before I do any of that,
I just wanna just do this in front of you,
just organize my workspace, so that we can think
of it properly and come up with ideas.
So I'm gonna delete all of these websites because
they didn't really contain any useful information.
So I'm just gonna keep, the only one
that had useful information was Udemy
and that's the only one that I'm gonna keep.
And I'm gonna move this here
and I'm gonna put Zaid here on the top.
And I'm just gonna click
and drag from here to the email address,
so that we'll know that this,
that Zaid, is associated with the email address.
And I'm just gonna click okay
and you can see now Zaid is associated with this email,
which led us to isecurity.
And then, we're actually gonna just add
another arrow from Zaid to my Twitter account,
and again, so that just we know that this Twitter account
is associated with this person.
And we have an entity here of Udemy.
We also know that Muhammad Askar right here has this email,
so it has m.askar@isecurity.org.
So we know that this person,
this email is associated with this person.
And the email is @isecurity.org,
then this person is probably or most definitely
is associated with isecurity.org as well.
And if you actually do a Google search,
you'll see that this guy is the admin of isecurity.
So again, we're just gonna put an arrow from here to here
and I'm gonna do the same with Mustafa
because you can see we have his email there.
And we'll also associate isecurity with this person.
And I'll just move him here and move this guy there.
And then, over here, I know I made a mess out of this,
but it's much easier when it looks clean.
Okay, this is much better.
Now, let's zoom in a little bit.
Okay, perfect, so our target is Zaid
and we know Zaid uses Udemy and teaches courses there.
We're also able to see Zaid's blog,
we're able to see his YouTube, LinkedIn,
and all that stuff already.
Now, that on it's own can make me think
of so many ways to attack Zaid.
We can, looking at how active he is on Udemy,
we can just pretend to be a person from Udemy,
so we can pretend to be someone from the admins of Udemy
and send him a program, for example,
and tell him this is our new beta program
that we're only giving to special instructors.
This way, Zaid will feel privileged
because he's getting something
that other instructors are not getting
and he'll run that file.
And once he runs that file, that file is gonna be a Trojan,
so that file can be a backdoor or a keylogger
or program that will steal his passwords or allow us
to do anything we want on the target computer.
Now, again, like I've said in this section,
we're not gonna be talking about the technical stuff.
We'll talk about that in future lectures
and you'll know how to do this,
so when I say we'll send him a file that looks like
a normal file, we'll actually be able to do that.
And this normal file, it'll be a normal program,
but at the background, it'll do what we want it to do.
We can also pretend to be from YouTube,
from the blog, from WordPress, from Udemy again,
and ask him to reset their password.
And give them a link that has a login page
exactly the same as the login page of Udemy or YouTube,
And once they put on their password,
we'll actually get that password.
So the possibilities are endless there
and we'll talk about ideas on how to all of that later on.
Looking at the connections that we can see here
with isecurity, we can see that this person
has a lot of connections with this company
or with this website.
We can see that he has an email at isecurity.org.
So again, this email is really useful because
this is how we're gonna be communicating with Zaid.
You can also communicate with him through Udemy,
obviously, as sent as messages,
but I'm pretty sure that his friends
and yes, my friends don't really
communicate with me over Udemy.
So if you want to target Zaid using his email,
that's another way to do it.
And we have his friends, so we have
one of his friends right here, Mohammad.
And you can see there's so many connections
between him and Zaid.
They're both friends on Twitter,
they're both active on isecurity,
and they both have @isecurity.org email,
so this makes you think they're not only work colleagues,
they're probably friends as well.
And exploiting this friendship, you can send stuff
to Zaid asking him about anything really.
You can show him pictures of a car
that you want to buy, for example.
You can send him PDFs because you know that both
of these guys are interested about computer security.
They're running a security website.
And you can just send him a PDF saying,
"Oh ,look at my new ebook."
And when they open the PDF, again, it'll run a file that
you want it to run on the system, that'll give you,
gain access on Zaid's system.
Now, again, when you send an email,
you'll be able to send an email that looks exactly
as if it's coming from Mohammad.
You can do the same to Mustafa,
so you can send stuff to Zaid.
You can send him stuff that they're interested in.
You can send him just pictures.
You can send him links to ask him to login and do something.
The possibilities, again, are endless
when it comes to social engineering.
Not only that, but let's say you tried everything
and you couldn't hack into Zaid's system.
You tried to pretend to be all of these people.
You tried all the ideas that you can think of
and you couldn't reach Zaid's system.
This is not the end of the world.
What you could do is you can actually
try to hack into one of his friends,
so you can try to hack into Mohammad's computer.
You can try to hack Mustafa's computer.
From there, try to get into their Facebook
and then, communicate with Zaid over Facebook
from their Facebook account because you can't really
send a message that looks like it's coming
from Mohammad on Facebook.
We can only do that with emails,
but again, you can hack into these guys Facebook's accounts
and then, try to hack into Zaid.
Why not hack into their accounts, hack into isecurity?
Because you know that these people are admins.
They have @isecurity emails.
And even if you research their names,
you'll see that they're admins.
Why not hack into their computers, hack into isecurity?
And Zaid definitely browses isecurity,
so embed a backdoor in there or change one of the files
that's hosted into isecurity into a backdoor,
and then, once Zaid downloads it or uses it,
you'll be able to hack into his computer.
Now, again, don't get overwhelmed about
all the information I'm saying at the moment.
We will take this step by step
and you'll learn how to send these fake emails,
how to create these back doors,
how to create these keyloggers,
and all that cool stuff in the next sections of this course.
For now, I just wanted to show you how powerful Maltego is
and how you can use it to gather information
about anything, really.
We started with just a name.
Literally, we started with Zaid Sabih
and we were able to gather information about his websites,
his blog, his YouTube, his friends, his emails, anything.
We literally profiled the whole person.
And again, this person is a techy person,
a person who is interested into information technology,
so he's very careful with what to share,
but we were still able to gather enough information
to build up an attack strategy.
If you do this against a normal person,
you'll be surprised about the amount of information
that you'll be able to gather about them.